**Project Overview**
The main objective of our project was to get a location imputed by the user and return a MBTA station that was closest to that location. The first function, get_json takes a correctly formatted url and returns an object that is requested by the url. We used this so that we can get the data from the two different APIs we used. The second function, get_lat_long took the name of a place imputed by the user and returned the latitude and longitude of that location. We used the API from MapQuest, which has data on places all over the world. Next, we used the get_lat_long function and called it in our next function, get_nearest_station. We used the latitude and longitude from the previous function to then find a station that is closest to that location. Those were how each function worked with one another to get to our final result, which is the MBTA station. After writing, our code, we used Flask to create a website that runs our app.

**Project Reflection**
From a process point of view, we were pretty good at understanding what each function was supposed to do. We improved at debugging methods. We used a lot of print() to make sure each element of the code was correct. However, we got stuck on some parts of the function where an error message showed up and we did not know how to resolve it, even though we tried multiple variations of the code. We wish we knew more about how to integrate an HTML form with the python code we wrote. Going forward, we will use how we learned to debug using many print() functions to check every step of the function.
Our teamwork was good during this project. We collaborated through WebEx where we one person would share her screen and we figured out the code together. We did not split up the work but instead worked on the code together because we believed that figuring it out together would help us get through it quicker. Also, working on one screen would be more straightforward. There weren’t any issues that came up while doing this project when it came to teamwork. 
